README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/Nerio01/frontend-project-44/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Nerio01/frontend-project-44/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/b5a033d18b26753bdf80/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Nerio01/frontend-project-44/maintainability)

### BRAIN GAMES

This is my first project on hexlet javascript course. 

This project consists of 5 math games for users to hone their math chops (although very basic ones).

To run this project you need: 

1) Anything that can at least run any OS like Linux, Windown or MacOS.
2) node js installed?

**GAME RECORDINGS**  

**brain-even**  [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621853.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621853) 

**brain-calc** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621855.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621855)

**brain-gcd** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621857.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621857) 

**brain-progression** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621854.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621854)

**brain-prime** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621856.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621856)

Commit message:

updated README and brain-calc-logic.js

README.md, after:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/Nerio01/frontend-project-44/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Nerio01/frontend-project-44/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/b5a033d18b26753bdf80/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Nerio01/frontend-project-44/maintainability)

## BRAIN GAMES

This is my first project on hexlet javascript course. 

This project consists of 5 math games for users to hone their math chops.

*To run this project you need:* 

1) Anything that can at least run a conventional OS like Linux, Windows or MacOS.
2) Node JS installed. You can download it from the official Node.js (https://nodejs.org/) and follow the installation instructions based on your operating system.
3) From project folder open console and run command `make install`.
4) Then run command `npx link` 
5) Now you can start CLI games by typing one of the following in console:
- `brain-calc`
- `brain-even`
- `brain-gcd`
- `brain-progression`
- `brain-prime`
6) Go ahead and try it out!

***Below are examples of each game for your reference:***

### **GAME RECORDINGS**  

**brain-even**  [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621853.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621853) 

**brain-calc** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621855.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621855)

**brain-gcd** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621857.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621857) 

**brain-progression** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621854.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621854)

**brain-prime** [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/621856.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/621856)
